## App.jsx
The App component gets the saved items from the localStorage when the component is being rendered. It also adds the todos array to the localStorage at the initial rendering of the component then it watches for changes to the todos array in order to be executed again. Adding items to the todos array from the Form component sets the todos array to a new array which triggers a re-render and since the todos array is in the useEffect dependency array, the useEffect hook gets executed in the re-rendering if the component, storing the new todos array in the localStorage. Removing items from the todos array or updating the reminder of an item in the todos array causes a re-render which executes the useEffect hook, saving the new value of the todos array in the localStorage.
The todos was stringified because items in the localStorage are stored as strings and also when retrieving the todos array from the localStorage when there's a re-render, tge stribgified form of the todis array can easily be parsed into an array without writing too much codes to achieve the same result. the commented useEffect code can also be a way to get the todos array from the localStorage and set it as the todos state value at the initial rendering of the component. If this approach is being used, then the useState for the todos array would have to be an empty array but since we're to avoid using too much useEffect hooks,the todos array is being returned from the useState for the todos array directly.

## Form.jsx
The Form component is responsible for adding new tasks to the todos array. State values for each input was initialized to track changes and update the DOM. The onChange event in each inputs executes the "changeTask, changeTime, changeReminder" functions based on which one was interacted with. submitting the form creates a new object with the values from the inputs as the values in the object and appends the new object to the existing objects in the todos array and resets the input fields. The todos array is what would be looped through in the Tasks conponent to display each task in the todos array. The todos array and the setTodos function are global props passed down to each components so they're the same in each components.

## Tasks.jsx
The todos prop is an array of objects containing each tasks. While looping through the array,the object weren't destructured because they needed to be passed as a whole to the Task array as a single task for further interactions with each task. This is to avoid passing down many prop values to the Task component. The todos and setTodos props were passed down to the Task component for operations like deleting a single item from the todos array or changing a single item in the todos array.

## Task.jsx
const {task, time, reminder, id} = todo. This destructures the single task from the todos array that was passed down as a prop to aid a cleaner code.
The changeReminder function loops through the todos array and checks for the task that was being clicked by the id of the task and changes the value for the reminder and returns a new array with the updated reminder.
The removeTask function loops through the todos array and checks for the task that is being removed by its id and filters it out, returning a new array with the updated tasks.
The destructured values from the single task is being used. Since it is a single object from the todos array, its values are unique to each task.
